Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: salarydk
Version: 1.0.0
Summary: Salary.dk API
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: UNKNOWN
Author-email: dev@salary.dk
License: UNKNOWN
Description:     This is the public API for Salary.dk.  # General  Our API is a JSON-based, REST-like API. Our webapp uses the exact same API, so everything you can do in our webapp, you can do through our API. However, we are slowly opening up the API, so not all endpoints are documented here yet. Only the endpoints documented here are stable. If there is some functionality you would like to access through our API, please contact us.  The API is located at https://api.salary.dk. All requests must use TLS.  In order to use the API on behalf of other users than yourself, you need to register as an API client. You do this by sending an e-mail to dev@salary.dk with the name and purpose of your client.  API-keys for each account can be obtained once logged in to Salary, under the settings for the Company.  All endpoints are documented to be able to return the 500 error code. We strive to not return this error code, so if you do encounter this error code, it might mean there is an error on our side. In this case, do not hesitate to contact us.  # Cross-Origin Resource Sharing This API features Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) implemented in compliance with [W3C spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) - and that allows cross-domain communication from the browser. All responses have a wildcard same-origin which makes them completely public and accessible to everyone, including any code on any site, as long as the proper access token is passed.  # Authentication All request require an access token. There are two ways to obtain an access token: * Logging in as a user. (this endpoint is not yet publicly available). * Using an API-key: [endpoint](#operation/APIClientLogin)  Using one of these methods, you will obtain an access token. In all subsequest requests, this access token should be passed in the Authorization header. The access token is valid for around one hour, after which a new token should be obtained.  You do not need to dispose of access tokens once created. They have a limited lifetime, and Salary.dk will automatically expire old ones.  For some endpoints, the authorizedUserQuery security definition is used. This allows for passing the access token as a query parameter where it is not possible to pass it as a header. In particular, this is used for downloading files.  &lt;!-- ReDoc-Inject: &lt;security-definitions&gt; --&gt;   # noqa: E501
            
Keywords: OpenAPI,OpenAPI-Generator,Salary.dk API
Platform: UNKNOWN
